---
layout: post
title: My Limited Experience as an Interdisciplinary Researcher
date: 2019-08-01
---
As a wildcard character whose academic trajectory and research interests cover multiple disciplines and fields --- from management science (a.k.a. applied operations research) to behavioral and experimental economics, from quantitative marketing to cognition, from information science to computational social science, from natural language processing to computer vision --- I am accustomed to a variety of comments such as "she is completely disoriented and out of focus", "her ideas are all over the place", and "broad interests with creativity and vision". <br>

Regardless of what others think of me, I myself couldn't be happier with my choice and where I end up right now, even though I am positive that all of my previous advisors would advise their future advisees against following my path, which I whole-heartedly agree. Look at where I end up now --- the industry lol.<br>

Regardless, I am still the bright-eyed girl I was a decade ago, curious about the unknown and humbled by the vast amount of knowledge about which I don't know that I don't know. And I will continue exploring and expanding the range of my radar. I still recall vividly from conversations happened many years ago in LA --- when Xuanming Su, the prolific operations scholar who made his career introducing behavioral economics into operations management, was fielding questions from us right before his talk, and in response to my naive question "how could you possibly be an expert in many different fields doing interdisciplinary research?" he commented "well, you have to, and that's the difficult part of being interdiscipinary!" And that moment changed my mindset completely.<br>

To reduce the noise to information ratio of this article, and to provide a structure with which I break into a new reseach field, here is what I do with every discipline that I am interested in at the moment:<br>

1. Figure out the top outlets for publication and the publication process, and read through topics of publications during the past 10-5 years, note trends, and legacies;<br>
2. Figure out the typical curriculum of a top doctoral program, note the fundamental requirements - a.k.a. technical training, pick up required skills fast;<br>
3. Find out the most influencial institutions/labs/figures in the field, stalk;<br>
4. Figure out good sources of consistent information streams to sign up for (other than Twitter), whether it be journal article announcements, official blogs, personal blogs, etc.<br>
5. Identify good sources of review articles <br>
6. Attend and present at annual conferences and other notable conferences for exposure.<br>

In the following, I will share details about the six bullet points with regards to fields that I am (somehow) familiar with:
Economics - General<br>
1. AER, QJE, Econometrica, JPE; it takes up to 5 or 6 years to see a paper through, the submisssion of which requires a nontrivial fee of several hundred dollars;<br>
2. Microeconomics Theory (Consumer & Production), Macroeconomics Theory, Econometric Theory & Methods, Sub-field courses.
3. Nobel/Clark/etc. prize,prize winners, editors of top journals, NBER, CBER, etc.<br>
4. EconTalk, NBER weekly newsletter, etc. 
5. Journal of Economic Perspectives;
6. AEA every winter, NBER every summer, <a href="https://site.stanford.edu/">SITE</a> every summer, etc.

Marketing (Quant)<br>
1. Marketing Science, JMR, Management Science, QME, JM;<br>
2. Microeconomic Theory, Econometrics, Statistical Computing, Bayesian Statistics, Empirical IO, Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing, Computer Vision, etc. And Marketing Strategy and Mix;<br>
3. Marketing/Management Science editorial board, John Little and Paul Green award winners, INFORMS long term impact award winners, MSI young scholars award winners every year, etc.;<br>
4. INFORMS notifications, etc.<br>
5. Review articles in top journals;<br>
6. AMA every summer, MSI every summer, QME every spring, etc.<br>


Operations Management
1. Management Science, Operations Research, MSOM, POMS, MOR;<br>
2. Stochastic Processes, Dynamic Optimization, Inventory Management, Queueing, etc.<br>
3. INFORMS/MSOM/POMS research prize winners, etc.<br>
4. INFORMS notifications, etc. <br>
5. Review papers in top journals;<br>
6. INFORMS every fall, MSOM every early summer, POMS every spring.<br>

Natural Language Processing
1. ACL, EMNLP, NAACL, COLING, LREC; TACL; ICWSM, WSDM, KDD, etc.<br>
2. Machine learning, deep leanring, NLP, etc.<br>
3. Best/outstanding paper award winners, etc.<br>
4. ACL Anthology, Semantic Scholar, Distill.pub, blogs of every major companies, r/machinelearning, etc.<br>
5. Review articles in top proc of top conferences;<br>
6. ACL, EMNLP, NAACL, COLING, ICWSM, WSDM, KDD, NIPS, ICML, etc. conferences.<br>

Computer Vision
<ol>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
</ol>

Other fields
Finance/Accounting
<ol>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
</ol>

Information Systems
<ol>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
  <li></li>
</ol>

